hello friends i want you today
Imagine something for smartphone
could be interesting after me
last week already the little mini
had presented speakers for the
pc today i want the little mini
introduce bass club for your smartphone
during the jay tech mini
bass speaker last week
actually presented exclusively for
the pc suitable or as an mp3 player
is the advantage of the baskets that
I use it as an external speaker for
use the pc and for the smartphone
can
I can show you what the little device can do
you still in the test the minibars club can
buy at Kaufland for 14 euro 99
and I have to say this little one
Cube is worth every penny
But first let's see what we are in
scope of delivery on the one hand we have
down this little cute slide me
asked me but why in
Afterwards I understood why we
the top of this area give the whole
normal on the table and then place with
the basket on top
having fits the advantage I can
why does it slide back and forth?
important he shows later
otherwise the user manual in
Germany is otherwise still
this extremely ugly lanyard i
my life is already warming around
wrist yes but no matter
advantage is of course but if I
Now I'm on the road, I can do it everywhere
Of course, in the cultivation shelf track always
away with it
and otherwise the most important thing
USB cable at the same time the supply
least pc has connected the
advantage here
we can say that once over
Connect the USB to the computer
then connect via second
the three companies just click on
smartphone and as I said like that
use an external speaker
but let's see the minibars club of
worked but at times little more closely
what is striking for 14 99 a super price
super processed and a great
quality
otherwise the minibus club
different ways to him
we can use it once as
normal mp3 player use
that means we put a micro sd card
Plug in headphones and it was already
an mp3 player or we use it as
external speakers for the pc or
for us a cell phone we here the layman
in poke and next to has
connect our devices
additionally, it will then stop even if
the charging station because an integrated
Battery in it is extra pr and as I said
already with a micro sd card otherwise
we can turn it on and off we
have an extra one and a little extra
switch off what I felt as a disadvantage
the on and off switch went very well
easily as that can happen to us
Just make a decision about it
do not want to
otherwise from below wh we are here
also have different
controls we can loud and quiet
do
back and forth and impulses and stops
that of course we can use then
use it as an mp3 player
I want you right now
always point out that we are now
So the sound test is about to start
make something easier and
watch out
The operating principle is actually
simply three company jack plug
just put it in the device as in
the case now the smartphone then that
amateur in the speakers a song
choose and then only make hits
what should be considered at the beginning is a
better device is a bit quiet
because the small cube is
animal lottery man underestimated
really then the complete volume
and what the part is really original
to show you how loud this little one is
basket is really i have an app
actually downloaded
should clarify the loud but her
see 73 decibel is realistic with in
Reality is the dice can be so loud
you do not even describe and like you
See, he's jumping all the time
and her and slide back and forth and
Now you know what to do with these
little sweet little pieces need it
speaker does not do what he wants
So I have to say that I have to paint 14 99 at all times
Kaufland this bass club every cent
buy buy buy you will
you will see a lot of fun
with the thing you should still have
have questions write me help on I
you plan your day that was effectively doing